hi hi now i will show how i am
I do the lens down on the example of this
here is a wedge. quite a while cut it
fast cut clarabel which means here already
I made the descent down the usual flat 5
I have them here
this is enough to do
lens let's get down we need
here is such
coarse pebble down from 15
degrees we take a stone and make a knife here
such movements can and on themselves
and forward
this angle is not visible now I'll turn
the camera
on the side it went to smooth out in this
the place is visible
Well, start on a rough stone first
we stroke this hard transition just
here and so on the water
here is the angle observing and this angle is
I have to lay down the descent but not just here
this edge slightly smoothed
Well, for 10 minutes, 3 nye pebble
I already loom here are such forms
that is, this bump is smoothed out
this way he left was originally a
Here on this side is now gone from here then
there is a smooth shape formed with this
the sides already look like a pebble lens
it will be more convenient to take help under
slope now they can move on
smaller stone
now at the end
make it smaller this angle more
smoothly
and already when we just finish
dunk some water well that's formed
such a smooth smooth lens
I think technology is not so difficult
this on the lens
So I handled the tip here is that part of the
there is time here you can see this transition
here already on the tip there is of course this is not
the last treatment still needs a stone
The smaller here is the sandpaper at the end
thank you for your attention subscribe to
channel put your thumbs up bye